Fix/issue 2579 - Add option to let user pick whether to save the last service or not (#2623)
Automattic/woocommerce-services: readme.txt

> = 2.1.1 - 2023-01-02 =
> * Fix   - Save the selected package box and do not skip the package step.
> * Add   - Add option to let user pick whether to save the last service or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= 2.2.0 - 2023-xx-xx =
* Add   - Add option to let user pick whether to save the last service or not.
* Fix   - Save the selected package box and do not skip the package step.
```
